{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red155\green162\blue177;\red26\green29\blue34;\red136\green185\blue102;
\red197\green136\blue83;\red72\green168\blue181;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c67059\c69804\c74902;\cssrgb\c13725\c15294\c18039;\cssrgb\c59608\c76471\c47451;
\cssrgb\c81961\c60392\c40000;\cssrgb\c33725\c71373\c76078;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 [\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Naruto'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2002-10-03'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1000000\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.27\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Naruto Uzumaki, a mischievous adolescent ninja, struggles as he searches for recognition and dreams of becoming the Hokage, the village\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s leader and strongest ninja.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'QczGoCmX-pI'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 500\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/naruto.png'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 15\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Jujutsu Kaisen'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2020-10-03'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 185716\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.59\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Idly indulging in baseless paranormal activities with the Occult Club, high schooler Yuuji Itadori spends his days at either the clubroom or the hospital, where he visits his bedridden grandfather. However, this leisurely lifestyle soon takes a turn for the strange when he unknowingly encounters a cursed item. Triggering a chain of supernatural occurrences, Yuuji finds himself suddenly thrust into the world of Curses\'97dreadful beings formed from human malice and negativity\'97after swallowing the said item, revealed to be a finger belonging to the demon Sukuna Ryoumen, the King of Curses.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Yuuji experiences first-hand the threat these Curses pose to society as he discovers his own newfound powers. Introduced to the Tokyo Prefectural Jujutsu High School, he begins to walk down a path from which he cannot return\'97the path of a Jujutsu sorcerer.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '4A_X-Dvl0ws'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 24\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/jujutsu.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 56\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2020-12-07'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 2027958\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.78\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Gabi Braun and Falco Grice have been training their entire lives to inherit one of the seven Titans under Marley\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s control and aid their nation in eradicating the Eldians on Paradis. However, just as all seems well for the two cadets, their peace is suddenly shaken by the arrival of Eren Yeager and the remaining members of the Survey Corps.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Having finally reached the Yeager family basement and learned about the dark history surrounding the Titans, the Survey Corps has at long last found the answer they so desperately fought to uncover. With the truth now in their hands, the group set out for the world beyond the walls.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 In Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season, two utterly different worlds collide as each party pursues its own agenda in the long-awaited conclusion to Paradis\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4  fight for freedom.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'SlNpRThS9t8'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 16\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/aotfin.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 57\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Chainsaw Man'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2022-10-12'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1000000\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.27\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Denji is robbed of a normal teenage life, left with nothing but his deadbeat father\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s overwhelming debt. His only companion is his pet, the chainsaw devil Pochita, with whom he slays devils for money that inevitably ends up in the yakuza\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s pockets. All Denji can do is dream of a good, simple life: one with delicious food and a beautiful girlfriend by his side. But an act of greedy betrayal by the yakuza leads to Denji\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s brutal, untimely death, crushing all hope of him ever achieving happiness.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Remarkably, an old contract allows Pochita to merge with the deceased Denji and bestow devil powers on him, changing him into a hybrid able to transform his body parts into chainsaws. Because Denji\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s new abilities pose a significant risk to society, the Public Safety Bureau\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s elite devil hunter Makima takes him in, letting him live as long as he obeys her command. Guided by the promise of a content life alongside an attractive woman, Denji devotes everything and fights with all his might to make his naive dreams a reality.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'q15CRdE5Bv0'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/chainsaw.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 64\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Violet Evergarden'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2018-01-11'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1803924\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.68\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'The Great War finally came to an end after four long years of conflict; fractured in two, the continent of Telesis slowly began to flourish once again. Caught up in the bloodshed was Violet Evergarden, a young girl raised for the sole purpose of decimating enemy lines. Hospitalized and maimed in a bloody skirmish during the War\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s final leg, she was left with only words from the person she held dearest, but with no understanding of their meaning.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Recovering from her wounds, Violet starts a new life working at CH Postal Services after a falling out with her new intended guardian family. There, she witnesses by pure chance the work of an "Auto Memory Doll," amanuenses that transcribe people\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s thoughts and feelings into words on paper. Moved by the notion, Violet begins work as an Auto Memory Doll, a trade that will take her on an adventure, one that will reshape the lives of her clients and hopefully lead to self-discovery.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'g5xWqjFglsk'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 13\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/violet.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 2\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 45\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2012-01-12'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1244426\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7.94\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'As Kobayashi sets off for another day at work, she opens her apartment door only to be met by an unusually frightening sight\'97the head of a dragon, staring at her from across the balcony. The dragon immediately transforms into a cute, busty, and energetic young girl dressed in a maid outfit, introducing herself as Tooru.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 It turns out that the stoic programmer had come across the dragon the previous night on a drunken excursion to the mountains, and since the mythical beast had nowhere else to go, she had offered the creature a place to stay in her home. Thus, Tooru had arrived to cash in on the offer, ready to repay her savior\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s kindness by working as her personal maidservant. Though deeply regretful of her words and hesitant to follow through on her promise, a mix of guilt and Tooru\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s incredible dragon abilities convinces Kobayashi to take the girl in.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Despite being extremely efficient at her job, the maid\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s unorthodox methods of housekeeping often end up horrifying Kobayashi and at times bring more trouble than help. Furthermore, the circumstances behind the dragon\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s arrival on Earth seem to be much more complicated than at first glance, as Tooru bears some heavy emotions and painful memories. To top it all off, Tooru\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s presence ends up attracting several other mythical beings to her new home, bringing in a host of eccentric personalities. Although Kobayashi makes her best effort to handle the crazy situation that she has found herself in, nothing has prepared her for this new life with a dragon maid.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'okBHQWnYImg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 13\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/kobayashi.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 2\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 41\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Nichijou'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2011-04-03'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 906350\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.46\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Nichijou primarily focuses on the daily antics of a trio of childhood friends\'97high school girls Mio Naganohara, Yuuko Aioi and Mai Minakami\'97whose stories soon intertwine with the young genius Hakase Shinonome, her robot caretaker Nano, and their talking cat Sakamoto. With every passing day, the lives of these six, as well as of the many people around them, experience both the calms of normal life and the insanity of the absurd. Walking to school, being bitten by a talking crow, spending time with friends, and watching the principal suplex a deer: they are all in a day\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s work in the extraordinary everyday lives of those in Nichijou.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'CD6VdVDVDXI'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 26\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/nichijou.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 2\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 18\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'One Punch Man'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2015-10-05'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 3250760\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.49\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'The seemingly unimpressive Saitama has a rather unique hobby: being a hero. In order to pursue his childhood dream, Saitama relentlessly trained for three years, losing all of his hair in the process. Now, Saitama is so powerful, he can defeat any enemy with just one punch. However, having no one capable of matching his strength has led Saitama to an unexpected problem\'97he is no longer able to enjoy the thrill of battling and has become quite bored.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 One day, Saitama catches the attention of 19-year-old cyborg Genos, who witnesses his power and wishes to become Saitama\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s disciple. Genos proposes that the two join the Hero Association in order to become certified heroes that will be recognized for their positive contributions to society. Saitama, who is shocked that no one knows who he is, quickly agrees. Meeting new allies and taking on new foes, Saitama embarks on a new journey as a member of the Hero Association to experience the excitement of battle he once felt.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Poo5lqoWSGw'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/saitama.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 3\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 36\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Hunter x Hunter'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2011-10-02'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 2868577\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 9.03\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Hunters devote themselves to accomplishing hazardous tasks, all from traversing the world\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s uncharted territories to locating rare items and monsters. Before becoming a Hunter, one must pass the Hunter Examination\'97a high-risk selection process in which most applicants end up handicapped or worse, deceased.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Ambitious participants who challenge the notorious exam carry their own reason. What drives 12-year-old Gon Freecss is finding Ging, his father and a Hunter himself. Believing that he will meet his father by becoming a Hunter, Gon takes the first step to walk the same path.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 During the Hunter Examination, Gon befriends the medical student Leorio Paladiknight, the vindictive Kurapika, and ex-assassin Killua Zoldyck. While their motives vastly differ from each other, they band together for a common goal and begin to venture into a perilous world.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'D9iTQRB4XRk'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 148\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/hunter.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 3\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 20\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'No Game No Life'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2014-04-19'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 2413156\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.06\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Sixteen sentient races inhabit Disboard, a world overseen by Tet, the One True God. The lowest of the sixteen\'97Imanity\'97consists of humans, a race with no affinity for magic. In a place where everything is decided through simple games, humankind seems to have no way out of their predicament\'97but the arrival of two outsiders poses a change.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 On Earth, stepsiblings Sora and Shiro are two inseparable shut-ins who dominate various online games under the username "Blank." While notorious on the internet, the pair believe that life is merely another dull game. However, after responding to a message from an unknown user, they are suddenly transported to Disboard. The mysterious sender turns out to be Tet, who informs them about the world\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s absolute rules. After Tet leaves, Sora and Shiro begin their search for more information and a place to stay, taking them to Elkia\'97Imanity\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s only remaining kingdom.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 There, the duo encounters Stephanie Dola, an emotional girl vying for the kingdom\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s sovereignty. In desperation, she attempts to regain her father\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s throne, but her foolhardiness makes her goal unachievable. Inspired by the girl\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s motivation and passion, Sora and Shiro decide to aid Stephanie in getting Elkia back on its feet, ultimately aiming to become the new rulers of the enigmatic realm.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'fV7nGIUuyzA'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/ngnl.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 3\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 30\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Kimetsu no Yaiba: Yuukaku-hen'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2021-12-05'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1465474\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.74\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'The devastation of the Mugen Train incident still weighs heavily on the members of the Demon Slayer Corps. Despite being given time to recover, life must go on, as the wicked never sleep: a vicious demon is terrorizing the alluring women of the Yoshiwara Entertainment District. The Sound Hashira, Tengen Uzui, and his three wives are on the case. However, when he soon loses contact with his spouses, Tengen fears the worst and enlists the help of Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, and Inosuke Hashibira to infiltrate the district\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s most prominent houses and locate the depraved Upper Rank Demon.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'QwvWdnd2Ktg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 11\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/demon.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 4\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 61\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Fate/Zero'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2011-10-02'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1511778\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.27\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'With the promise of granting any wish, the omnipotent Holy Grail triggered three wars in the past, each too cruel and fierce to leave a victor. In spite of that, the wealthy Einzbern family is confident that the Fourth Holy Grail War will be different; namely, with a vessel of the Holy Grail now in their grasp. Solely for this reason, the much hated "Magus Killer" Kiritsugu Emiya is hired by the Einzberns, with marriage to their only daughter Irisviel as binding contract.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Kiritsugu now stands at the center of a cutthroat game of survival, facing off against six other participants, each armed with an ancient familiar, and fueled by unique desires and ideals. Accompanied by his own familiar, Saber, the notorious mercenary soon finds his greatest opponent in Kirei Kotomine, a priest who seeks salvation from the emptiness within himself in pursuit of Kiritsugu.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Based on the light novel written by Gen Urobuchi, Fate/Zero depicts the events of the Fourth Holy Grail War\'9710 years prior to Fate/stay night. Witness a battle royale in which no one is guaranteed to survive.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '21-1-ioCfXY'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 13\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/fate.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 4\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 20\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Spy x Family'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2022-04-09'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1591735\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.51\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Corrupt politicians, frenzied nationalists, and other warmongering forces constantly jeopardize the thin veneer of peace between neighboring countries Ostania and Westalis. In spite of their plots, renowned spy and master of disguise "Twilight" fulfills dangerous missions one after another in the hope that no child will have to experience the horrors of war.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 In the bustling Ostanian city of Berlint, Twilight dons the alias of "Loid Forger," an esteemed psychiatrist. However, his true intention is to gather intelligence on prominent politician Donovan Desmond, who only appears rarely in public at his sons\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4  school: the prestigious Eden Academy. Enlisting the help of unmarried city hall clerk Yor Briar to act as his wife and adopting the curious six-year-old orphan Anya as his daughter, Loid enacts his master plan. He will enroll Anya in Eden Academy, where Loid hopes she will excel and give him the opportunity to meet Donovan without arousing suspicion.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Unfortunately for Loid, even a man of his talents has trouble playing the figure of a loving father and husband. And just like Loid is hiding his true identity, Yor\'97who is an underground assassin known as "Thorn Princess"\'97and Anya\'97an esper who can read people\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s minds\'97have no plans to disclose their own secrets either. Although this picture-perfect family is founded on deception, the Forgers gradually come to understand that the love they share for one another trumps all else.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '_VRxEEBa1XU'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/spy.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 5\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 62\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Shikanoko Nokonoko Koshitantan'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2024-07-07'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 125508\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7.95\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'No one knows Torako used to be a delinquent. All of her classmates only know her as the perfect student. But everything changes when Nokotan, a transfer student with antlers, enters her life. Antlers aren\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 t the only thing strange about Nokotan. Her deer nose can sniff out Torako\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s secret past! Whether it\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s at school or the zoo, chaos follows this doe-eyed girl\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s every step. Torako has so many questions! Is Nokotan a deer, a girl, or something in-between?'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Bf4XTzeUBHo'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 2\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/noko.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 5\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 71\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Vivy: Fluorite Eye\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s Song'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2021-04-03'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 544635\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.39\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'When highly evolved AIs set out to eradicate mankind, the carnage that ensues fills the air with the stench of fresh blood and burning bodies. In a desperate bid to prevent the calamity from ever occurring, a scientist bets everything on a remnant from the past.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Turning the clock back a hundred years, AIs are already an integral part of human society, programmed with specific missions meant to be carried out for their entire course of operation. Vivy, the first ever autonomous AI, is a songstress tasked with spreading happiness through her voice. In a theme park where she hardly ever gets a proper audience, she strives to pour her heart out into her performances, bound to repeat it day after day\'97that is, until an advanced AI from the future appears before her and enlists her help in stopping a devastating war a hundred years in the making. With no time to process the revelation that flips her world upside down, Vivy is catapulted into a century-long journey to avert the violent history yet to come.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 't3IHpQZHPFY'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 13\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/vivy.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 5\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 58\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Ousama Ranking'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2021-10-15'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 655928\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.51\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'The people of the kingdom look down on the young Prince Bojji, who can neither hear nor speak. They call him "The Useless Prince" while jeering at his supposed foolishness.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 However, while Bojji may not be physically strong, he is certainly not weak of heart. When a chance encounter with a shadow creature should have left him traumatized, it instead makes him believe that he has found a friend amidst those who only choose to notice his shortcomings. He starts meeting with Kage, the shadow, regularly, to the point where even the otherwise abrasive creature begins to warm up to him.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Kage and Bojji\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s unlikely friendship lays the budding foundations of the prince\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s journey, one where he intends to conquer his fears and insecurities. Despite the constant ridicule he faces, Bojji resolves to fulfill his desire of becoming the best king he can be.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'c1HHoucIxRg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 23\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/ousama.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 5\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 60\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2009-04-05'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 3378315\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 9.09\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'After a horrific alchemy experiment goes wrong in the Elric household, brothers Edward and Alphonse are left in a catastrophic new reality. Ignoring the alchemical principle banning human transmutation, the boys attempted to bring their recently deceased mother back to life. Instead, they suffered brutal personal loss: Alphonse\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s body disintegrated while Edward lost a leg and then sacrificed an arm to keep Alphonse\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s soul in the physical realm by binding it to a hulking suit of armor.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 The brothers are rescued by their neighbor Pinako Rockbell and her granddaughter Winry. Known as a bio-mechanical engineering prodigy, Winry creates prosthetic limbs for Edward by utilizing "automail," a tough, versatile metal used in robots and combat armor. After years of training, the Elric brothers set off on a quest to restore their bodies by locating the Philosopher\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s Stone\'97a powerful gem that allows an alchemist to defy the traditional laws of Equivalent Exchange.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 As Edward becomes an infamous alchemist and gains the nickname "Fullmetal," the boys\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4  journey embroils them in a growing conspiracy that threatens the fate of the world.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '--IcmZkvL0Q'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 64\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/fullmetal.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 6\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 10\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Boku no Hero Academia'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2016-04-03'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 3052015\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7.86\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'The appearance of "quirks," newly discovered super powers, has been steadily increasing over the years, with 80 percent of humanity possessing various abilities from manipulation of elements to shapeshifting. This leaves the remainder of the world completely powerless, and Izuku Midoriya is one such individual.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Since he was a child, the ambitious middle schooler has wanted nothing more than to be a hero. Izuku\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s unfair fate leaves him admiring heroes and taking notes on them whenever he can. But it seems that his persistence has borne some fruit: Izuku meets the number one hero and his personal idol, All Might. All Might\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s quirk is a unique ability that can be inherited, and he has chosen Izuku to be his successor!\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Enduring many months of grueling training, Izuku enrolls in UA High, a prestigious high school famous for its excellent hero training program, and this year\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s freshmen look especially promising. With his bizarre but talented classmates and the looming threat of a villainous organization, Izuku will soon learn what it really means to be a hero.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'D5fYOnwYkj4'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 13\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/hero.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 6\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 38\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai: Tensai-tachi no Renai Zunousen'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2019-01-12'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1758869\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.40\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'At the renowned Shuchiin Academy, Miyuki Shirogane and Kaguya Shinomiya are the student body\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s top representatives. Ranked the top student in the nation and respected by peers and mentors alike, Miyuki serves as the student council president. Alongside him, the vice president Kaguya\'97eldest daughter of the wealthy Shinomiya family\'97excels in every field imaginable. They are the envy of the entire student body, regarded as the perfect couple.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 However, despite both having already developed feelings for the other, neither are willing to admit them. The first to confess loses, will be looked down upon, and will be considered the lesser. With their honor and pride at stake, Miyuki and Kaguya are both equally determined to be the one to emerge victorious on the battlefield of love!'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Ti2kJ-GYO68'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/kaguya.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 49\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Sword Art Online'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2012-07-08'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 3096710\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7.21\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Ever since the release of the innovative NerveGear, gamers from all around the globe have been given the opportunity to experience a completely immersive virtual reality. Sword Art Online (SAO), one of the most recent games on the console, offers a gateway into the wondrous world of Aincrad, a vivid, medieval landscape where users can do anything within the limits of imagination. With the release of this worldwide sensation, gaming has never felt more lifelike.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 However, the idyllic fantasy rapidly becomes a brutal nightmare when SAO\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s creator traps thousands of players inside the game. The "log-out" function has been removed, with the only method of escape involving beating all of Aincrad\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s one hundred increasingly difficult levels. Adding to the struggle, any in-game death becomes permanent, ending the player\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s life in the real world.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 While Kazuto "Kirito" Kirigaya was fortunate enough to be a beta-tester for the game, he quickly finds that despite his advantages, he cannot overcome SAO\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s challenges alone. Teaming up with Asuna Yuuki and other talented players, Kirito makes an effort to face the seemingly insurmountable trials head-on. But with difficult bosses and threatening dark cults impeding his progress, Kirito finds that such tasks are much easier said than done.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '6ohYYtxfDCg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 25\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/sao.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 23\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Nisekoi'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2014-01-11'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1177895\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7.56\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Raku Ichijou, a first-year student at Bonyari High School, is the sole heir to an intimidating yakuza family. Ten years ago, Raku made a promise to his childhood friend. Now, all he has to go on is a pendant with a lock, which can only be unlocked with the key which the girl took with her when they parted.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Now, years later, Raku has grown into a typical teenager, and all he wants is to remain as uninvolved in his yakuza background as possible while spending his school days alongside his middle school crush Kosaki Onodera. However, when the American Bee Hive Gang invades his family\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s turf, Raku\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s idyllic romantic dreams are sent for a toss as he is dragged into a frustrating conflict: Raku is to pretend that he is in a romantic relationship with Chitoge Kirisaki, the beautiful daughter of the Bee Hive\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s chief, so as to reduce the friction between the two groups. Unfortunately, reality could not be farther from this whopping lie\'97Raku and Chitoge fall in hate at first sight, as the girl is convinced he is a pathetic pushover, and in Raku\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s eyes, Chitoge is about as attractive as a savage gorilla.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Nisekoi follows the daily antics of this mismatched couple who have been forced to get along for the sake of maintaining the city\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s peace. With many more girls popping up his life, all involved with Raku\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s past somehow, his search for the girl who holds his heart and his promise leads him in more unexpected directions than he expects.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Pu-n_4CLXLA'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 20\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/nisekoi.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 9\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 29\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Sono Bisque Doll wa Koi wo Suru'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2022-01-09'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1081046\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.18\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'High school student Wakana Gojou spends his days perfecting the art of making hina dolls, hoping to eventually reach his grandfather\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s level of expertise. While his fellow teenagers busy themselves with pop culture, Gojou finds bliss in sewing clothes for his dolls. Nonetheless, he goes to great lengths to keep his unique hobby a secret, as he believes that he would be ridiculed were it revealed.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Enter Marin Kitagawa, an extraordinarily pretty girl whose confidence and poise are in stark contrast to Gojou\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s meekness. It would defy common sense for the friendless Gojou to mix with the likes of Kitagawa, who is always surrounded by her peers. However, the unimaginable happens when Kitagawa discovers Gojou\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s prowess with a sewing machine and brightly confesses to him about her own hobby: cosplay. Because her sewing skills are pitiable, she decides to enlist his help.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 As Gojou and Kitagawa work together on one cosplay outfit after another, they cannot help but grow close\'97even though their lives are worlds apart.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'tFKDKd8z-NU'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/darling.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 10\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 61\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '"Oshi no Ko" 2nd Season'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2024-07-03'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 266549\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.36\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Aquas desire for revenge takes center stage as he navigates the dark underbelly of the entertainment world alongside his twin sister, Ruby. While Ruby follows in their slain mothers footsteps to become an idol, Aqua joins a famous theater troupe in hopes of uncovering clues to the identity of his father\'97the man who arranged their mothers untimely death, and the man who once starred in the same troupe Aqua hopes to infiltrate.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'HRy5w-_zuIg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 13\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/oshi2.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 10\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 71\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Nige Jouzu no Wakagimi'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2024-07-06'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 58484\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.01\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Eight-year-old Tokiyuki Houjou, the next successor of the Kamakura shogunate, is a young boy lacking talent in everything besides hide-and-seek. One day, his carefree life is abruptly turned upside down when Takauji Ashikaga brutally seizes power from the Kamakuras, ending their reign. Rescued by a self-proclaimed prophetic priest, Tokiyuki manages to escape with his life. Now he must evade those trying to kill him while recruiting comrades who can help him restore the Kamakura Shogunate to its former glory.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4                 Set during the Nanboku-chou period of Japanese history, Nige Jouzu no Wakagimi is a tale of redemption, documenting the life of the forgotten hero that altered Japans destiny by running away.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'JjOLjAB0bcI'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/nige.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 10\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 71\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Horimiya: Piece'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2023-07-01'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 331615\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.18\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'As the graduation ceremony at Katagiri High School comes to an end, Kyouko Hori, her boyfriend Izumi Miyamura, and their friends begin to look back on their time as students. The moments they shared together may be fleeting, but each one is a colorful piece of their precious memories.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'MU-Vk5R0vVY'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 13\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/horimiyaPiece.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 10\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 67\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Cyberpunk: Edgerunners'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2022-09-13'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 775801\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.60\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Dreams are doomed to die in Night City, a futuristic Californian metropolis. As a teenager living in the citys slums, David Martinez is trying to fulfill his mothers lifelong wish for him to reach the top of Arasaka, the worlds leading security corporation. To this end, he attends the prestigious Arasaka Academy while his mother works tirelessly to keep their family afloat.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4                 When an incident with a street gang leaves Davids life in tatters, he stumbles upon Sandevistan cyberware\'97a prosthetic that grants its wearer superhuman speed. Fueled by rage, David implants the device in his back, using it to exact revenge on one of his tormentors. This gets him expelled from the academy, shattering his hopes of ever making his mother proud.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4                 After witnessing Davids newfound abilities, the beautiful data thief Lucyna "Lucy" Kushinada offers to team up with him, handing him a ticket to salvation. However, associating with Lucy introduces David to the world of Edgerunners\'97cyborg criminals who will break any law for money. Edgerunners often lose their lives, if the cyberware does not break their minds first; but in his fight for survival inside a corrupt system, David is ready to risk it all.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'JtqIas3bYhg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 10\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/cyber.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 11\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 64\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'World Trigger'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2014-10-05'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 426765\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7.58\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'When a gate to another world suddenly opens on Earth, Mikado City is invaded by strange creatures known as "Neighbors," malicious beings impervious to traditional weaponry. In response to their arrival, an organization called the Border Defense Agency has been established to combat the Neighbor menace through special weapons called "Triggers." Even though several years have passed after the gate first opened, Neighbors are still a threat and members of Border remain on guard to ensure the safety of the planet.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4                 Despite this delicate situation, members-in-training, such as Osamu Mikumo, are not permitted to use their Triggers outside of headquarters. But when the mysterious new student in his class is dragged into a forbidden area by bullies, they are attacked by Neighbors, and Osamu has no choice but to do what he believes is right. Much to his surprise, however, the transfer student Yuuma Kuga makes short work of the aliens, revealing that he is a humanoid Neighbor in disguise.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2oui7JLlBpk'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 73\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/worldTrigger.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 32\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2006-10-06'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 2272903\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.70\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'In the year 2010, the Holy Empire of Britannia is establishing itself as a dominant military nation, starting with the conquest of Japan. Renamed to Area 11 after its swift defeat, Japan has seen significant resistance against these tyrants in an attempt to regain independence.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4           Lelouch Lamperouge, a Britannian student, unfortunately finds himself caught in a crossfire between the Britannian and the Area 11 rebel armed forces. He is able to escape, however, thanks to the timely appearance of a mysterious girl named C.C., who bestows upon him Geass, the "Power of Kings." Realizing the vast potential of his newfound "power of absolute obedience," Lelouch embarks upon a perilous journey as the masked vigilante known as Zero, leading a merciless onslaught against Britannia in order to get revenge once and for all.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'AGjx0N24U'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 25\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/codeGeass.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 13\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 4\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Tokidoki Bosotto Russia-go de Dereru Tonari no Alya-san'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2024-07-03'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 188534\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.17\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Smart, refined, and strikingly gorgeous, half-Russian half-Japanese Alisa Mikhailovna Kujou is considered the idol of her school. With her long silver hair, mesmerizing blue eyes, and exceptionally fair skin, she has captured the hearts of countless male students while being highly admired by all others. Even so, due to her seemingly unapproachable persona, everyone remains wary around the near-flawless girl.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4         One of the few exceptions is Alisas benchmate Masachika Kuze, a relatively average boy who spends his days watching anime and playing gacha games. Despite his nonchalant demeanor, Masachika is the sole student to receive Alisas attention. Unable to be fully honest, Alisa is frequently harsh on Masachika and only expresses her affection in Russian. Unbeknownst to her, however, Masachika actually understands the language yet simply pretends otherwise for his own amusement.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4         As the odd pair continues to exchange witty and playful remarks, their relationship gradually grows more romantic and delightful\'97and Alisa might finally learn to freely convey her true feelings.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'pBX6TtOlYow'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/tokidoki.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 10\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 71\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken (TV)'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2012-10-06'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1682425\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7.88\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'The year is 1868; English nobleman George Joestar and his son Jonathan become indebted to Dario Brando after being rescued from a carriage incident. What the Joestars dont realize, however, is that Dario had no intention of helping them; he believed they were dead and was trying to ransack their belongings. After Darios death 12 years later, George\'97hoping to repay his debt\'97adopts his son, Dio.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4         While he publicly fawns over his new father, Dio secretly plans to steal the Joestar fortune. His first step is to create a divide between George and Jonathan. By constantly outdoing his foster brother, Dio firmly makes his place in the Joestar family. But when Dio pushes Jonathan too far, Jonathan defeats him in a brawl.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4         Years later, the two appear to be close friends to the outside world. But trouble brews again when George falls ill, as Jonathan suspects that Dio is somehow behind the incident\'97and it appears he has more tricks up his sleeve.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'PGVSViecHWE'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 26\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/jojo.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 14\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 24\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'NieR:Automata Ver1.1a Part 2'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2024-07-05'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 59557\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7.80\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Second part of NieR:Automata Ver1.1a'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '441v-JXm0CE'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/nier.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 71\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Make Heroine ga Oosugiru!'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2024-07-14'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 50660\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.09\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Kazuhiko Nukumizu, a self-proclaimed "background character," accidentally witnessed his popular classmate Anna Yanami being rejected by her childhood friend. Since then, Kazuhiko has become involved with several loser heroines, including Anna.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'uytJ6_KTCZI'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/make.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 71\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2001-07-01'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1874282\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.77\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Stubborn, spoiled, and na\'efve, 10-year-old Chihiro Ogino is less than pleased when she and her parents discover an abandoned amusement park on the way to their new house. Cautiously venturing inside, she realizes that there is more to this place than meets the eye, as strange things begin to happen once dusk falls. Ghostly apparitions and food that turns her parents into pigs are just the start\'97Chihiro has unwittingly crossed over into the spirit world. Now trapped, she must summon the courage to live and work amongst spirits, with the help of the enigmatic Haku and the cast of unique characters she meets along the way.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4         Vivid and intriguing, Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi tells the story of Chihiros journey through an unfamiliar world as she strives to save her parents and return home.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'ByXuk9QqQkk'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/spirit.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 1\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Sousou no Frieren'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2023-09-29'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 811958\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 9.35\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'During their decade-long quest to defeat the Demon King, the members of the hero\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s party\'97Himmel himself, the priest Heiter, the dwarf warrior Eisen, and the elven mage Frieren\'97forge bonds through adventures and battles, creating unforgettable precious memories for most of them.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4         However, the time that Frieren spends with her comrades is equivalent to merely a fraction of her life, which has lasted over a thousand years. When the party disbands after their victory, Frieren casually returns to her "usual" routine of collecting spells across the continent. Due to her different sense of time, she seemingly holds no strong feelings toward the experiences she went through.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4         As the years pass, Frieren gradually realizes how her days in the hero\cf6 \strokec6 \\'\cf4 \strokec4 s party truly impacted her. Witnessing the deaths of two of her former companions, Frieren begins to regret having taken their presence for granted; she vows to better understand humans and create real personal connections. Although the story of that once memorable journey has long ended, a new tale is about to begin.'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'ZEkwCGJ3o7M'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 28\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/frieren.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 3\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 68\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Fairy Tail: 100-nen Quest'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2024-07-07'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 114683\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8.18\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 "The 100 Years Quest: a mission so challenging and hazardous that it has remained unaccomplished for over a century. While countless mages have attempted to take on this grueling objective, their results ended in either overwhelming defeat or worse. Nonetheless, Natsu Dragneel and his friends\'97Lucy Heartfilia, Gray Fullbuster, Erza Scarlet, and Wendy Marvell, along with the exceeds Happy and Charl\'e9s\'97ambitiously embark on the quest.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 A year after the Fairy Tail guild has overcome the diabolical forces of Acnologia and Zeref, Natsu and his team trek into the northern continent of Guiltina, where they seek out the employer of the 100 Years Quest and receive their nearly impossible mission: to seal away the Five Dragon Gods\'97a group of individuals with such vast power that, if left alone, could cause global devastation. Meanwhile, a spirited new member named Touka is recruited to Fairy Tail. Although her vibrant energy and passionate nature makes her perfect for the guild, there seems to be more to her than meets the eye.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Determined to accomplish their seemingly insurmountable mission, Natsu and his friends begin their treacherous search for the Dragon Gods. However, once encountering a new dark guild named Diabolos, along with the newest recruit of Fairy Tail revealing her true colors, Natsu and his team will find that the 100 Years Quest isn't the only challenge they face."\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'FoNgKRyKJhk'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 24\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/fairy_tail.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 8\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 71\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ],\cb1 \
\cb3       [\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_name'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'Giji Harem'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'release_date'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 '2024-07-05'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'views'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 82246\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'mal_score'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 7.58\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'synopsis'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 "Eiji Kitahama, a second year high school student, just wants to be popular. To help him realize this dream, Rin Nanakura, his junior in the drama club, uses her acting skills to create a harem of loving girls for him. Though the various girls all show fondness toward Eiji, the affection of the actress behind them is very real. Rin's colorful acting continuously delights Eiji, but will the starlet herself ever make her way into his heart?"\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'trailer_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'g_59WnHpSPY'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'total_episodes'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 12\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'image_url'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf4 \strokec4 'anime_images/gijiharem.jpg'\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'studio_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 3\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf4 \strokec4 'season_id'\cf2 \strokec2  => \cf5 \strokec5 71\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       ]\cb1 \
\cb3     ];\cb1 \
}